Pd-142 update storage articles add promote function scale (#1765)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/Storage/Datasets/DatasetsScreensScale.md

**Add Zvol** opens the **[Add Zvol]({{< relref "ZvolsScreensScale.md" >}})** screen.

> **Add Dataset** opens the **[Add Dataset]({{< relref "#add-and-edit-dataset-screens" >}})** screen.

Reviewer: this is an internal link not a relref so this change is not correct.
```suggestion
**Add Dataset** opens the **[Add Dataset](#add-and-edit-dataset-screens)** screen.
```

**Edit** opens the **[Edit Dataset](#add-and-edit-dataset-screens)** screen for the selected dataset.

> The **Promote** button appears on the **Dataset Details** widget if you clone a dataset from an existing snapshot. The dataset cloned from the snapshot also displays in the **Datasets** listing. Promoting the cloned child dataset allows users to delete the parent volume that created the clone. Otherwise, you cannot delete a clone while the original volume still exists. See [zfs-promote.8](https://openzfs.github.io/openzfs-docs/man/8/zfs-promote.8.html).

Reviewer: for a parallel construction in how the other options (buttons) are described....
```suggestion
**Promote** appears on the **Dataset Details** widget when you select a cloned snapshot on the dataset tree table. This option promotes the cloned child dataset and allows users to delete the parent volume that created the clone. Otherwise, you cannot delete a clone while the original volume still exists. See [zfs-promote.8](https://openzfs.github.io/openzfs-docs/man/8/zfs-promote.8.html).
```
